Analysis of https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_topics_characterized_as_pseudoscience

Ancient astronauts
	Might be true, though not falsafiable (black swan)
Astrology
	Lots of stars visible could mean happiness
	Closer the stars appear could mean the more intermingled socially
	Further away the stars appear could mean the less intermingled socially
Lunar effect
	The closer and bigger the moon, could mean the more psychotic
Moon landing consipiracies
	Not worth thinking about
Climate change denial
	Not helpful, even if climate change wasn't true;
		Renewable energies help for sustainability on earth, not just environmentally, but in terms of resources.
Flood geology (that things are explainable due to a flood)
	Possible
Free energy/Perpertual Motion
	No, but renewables exist
Gasoline Pill/Magic Liquid (a pill or liquid that turns water into gasoline)
	Possible, but unlikely
Water fueled cars
	It takes the same amount of energy to crack water into hydrogen as to the amount of energy the hydrogen can produce
Feng shui/Vastu shastra
	Generally speaking people like nice layouts of rooms, and good ambiance.
Technical Analysis (of stock market data)
	Not sure about this, stock prices in theory should be more predictable than coin flips
Acupuncture/Dry needling
	Probably has some benefits in some circumstances
Acupressure
	Probably has some benefits in some circumstances
The Alexander Technique (Movement and posture)
	I don't know what the Alexander Technique is but having good movement and posture is useful imo.
Alternative cancer treatments
	Probably most of them don't work. It's unlikely you'd find the needle in the haystack.
Alernative/Fringe Medicine
	Quite a lot of scientific medicine has been based on what is now considered alternative/fringe. Probably lots
	of the alternative/fringe medicines can be considered harmful, probably some of them can also be beneficial
	in some circumstances.
Occult medicine
	Avoid
Apitherapy (honey bee products)
	Probably have some practical benefits in some medicines/cosmetics etc.
Applied kinesiology (diagnosing illnesses from muscle strengths and weaknesses)
	In some phyiso settings, this might work, for stuff completely unrelated, it's likely to be quackery.
Aromatherapy
	Might be beneficial in some circumstances
Balneotherapy
	Might be beneficial in some circumstances
Bates method for better eyesight
	I think wearing glasses makes your vision worse when not wearing the glasses. Some of the stuff suggested is
	quackery and looks damaging. I would still like to know what happens if you were to wear an inverse lens, rather
	than corrective lens for a while, this may work similar to a 'lazy eye' patch.
Biological terrain assessment (measuring pH, resistivity and redox etc. of a person's urine, blood, saliva etc. and prescribing supplements based on the data)
	This may have some truth, but would need to be clinically tested.
Biorhythms (people get into routines based on time)
	This may have some truth, people have a biological clock, they get stimulus from light entering the eyes, people get into daily routines/habits etc.
Body memory
	It is possible that parts of the body excluding the brain may have some memory
Brain Training
	This may work
Yeast infections may cause seemingly unrelated problems
	Won't rule it out
Color Therapy
	Might help in some circumstances
Colon Cleansing
	Might help in some circumstances
Crystal Healing
	The crystal supposedly has to have the right owner to have any benefit
	Owning the wrong crystal may be detrimental
	But this is all quackery.
Detox
	Might help in some circumstances, might be dangerous in others.
Ear candling
	Sounds dangerous.
Electro/Magnetic [x]
	Probably don't do.
Faith healing
	could be beneficial in some circumstances
Fasting
	could be beneficial in some circumstances
Functional medicine (relation between environment and body)
	possible it could help, but difficult to quantify
Hair analysis
	might be useful in some circumstances
Homeopathy
	Placebo effect is a genuine effect, and might have some benefits.
Batch flower remedies
	Alcohol extracts of plants may have some benefits, and may also be harmful.
Speech and Language systems/ neurolingustic programming
	Might help in some circumstances
Extrasensory perception
	Might be a thing.
Oil pulling (putting oil in the mouth for 20 minutes)
	Might have some effect, could be useful in some circumstances or detrimental in others.
Massage therapy
	Might have some benefits
Traditional chinese medicine
	A big field, some may have benefits.
Gua sha (causing tissue damage)
	Might be beneficial if the part of the body isn't growing correctly, or is infected or whatever. Probably not beneficial on the whole though.
Vitalism (that processes of life are not explicable by the laws of physics and chemistry alone)
	Probably true.
Wind turbine syndrome
	Sounds like it's politically / NIMBY made up.
Conversion therapy (sexuality)
	Might work.
Brainwashing
	Might have an effect. Probably not good.
Coding (scaring people into quitting an addiction)
	Might work in some circumstances and be beneficial.
Eye movement desensitization and reprocessing
	Sounds dodgy/Distressing
Excersise Therapy - Hand eye coordination
	Might help in some circumstances.
Hypnosis/Hypnotherapy
	Might help in some circumstances, in other circumstances may be detrimental.
Memetics (studying memes)
	A novelty
Personality tests
	Sounds dodgy.
Parapsychology
	Don't do.
Polygraph
	Might be useful, perhaps not on it's own, but perhaps as a general indicator.
Psychoanalysis
	Might help in some circumstances
Subliminal Advertising
	Don't do.
Racial stuff
	Not worth thinking about.
Dowsing
	Might help in some circumstances.
Electronic voice phenomenon
	If you're trying to talk to paranormal, then you shouldn't attempt.
Ghost hunting
	Don't do.
Affirmative prayer
	Might help in some circumstances. In others prayer can be detrimental, or have no effect perhaps.
Intelligent design
	Don't know, not worth thinking about
Treating a hypothetical mind (lack of action)
	Might help in some circumstances
Essential oils
	Might help or be detrimental
Anti-aging creams
	You never know!
Laundry balls (soap substitues for washing machines)
	Might work ?why?
Aquatic ape hypothesis
	Might have some truth behind it, dunno, untestable, trivial
