Future/Present Idea Orientated Counseling, and Consultation are similar in that ...
A) Ideas and potential ideas are discussed.
B) Thoughts and opinion surrounding said ideas are shared.
C) They are both focused on realising [hopefully positive] ideas.

Helping the client implement their creative ideas can de facto improve the/a clients situation. At the time of writing at least, past events cannot be changed,
therefore it is preferable to focus on the future and present situation, rather than to relive or dwell in the past.

Moreover, it is almost certainly better to focus on positive experiences from a mental health perspective. If the client is able to successfully realise even a fraction of
their set creative ideas, it can help to reinforce a positive mentality, whilst giving the client a feeling of purpose, creativity, happiness and independence.

In said sessions past negative experiences may be discussed, and empathy may be given as a result, but the primary focus is on both positive experiences,
and the present-future.

It is worth noting that in this form of consultation/counseling/consolation, it is the client who details their ideas for such.

The consultant, counseller, or consoler merely screens them for reasons such as law or health. They can also there to both give psychological encouragement, and
technical feedback. They may also aid in the realisation of said creative ideas where reasonable.

It is worth noting that in both consolation and counseling, a degree of empathy with the client is required. In consultation, a good relationship with the client is also
necessary (albeit to a lesser degree).

The ideal setting for discussing these ideas are one-on-one, with the appropriate documentation, including list of ideas, and a log of the progress/setbacks/information
for each idea.

At the start of the meetings, someone implementing such may ask the client to write down some ideas. They may then ask the client questions about how they can
implement some of these ideas, and require them to keep a log. At each subsequent session the client presents the log [and list], discussing with the service provider
details surrounding implementation. This then continues for as long as the service user requires.
