https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Corporate_title

Things I would like doing:
chief artificial intelligence officer		Responsible for AI research department.
chief analytics officer					Responsible for data analysis and interpretation.
chief architect						Responsible for designing systems for high availability and scalability, specifically in technology companies. Often called enterprise architect (EA).
chief business development officer		Responsible for business development plans, design and implementation of processes to support business growth.
chief data officer					Responsible for enterprise-wide governance and utilization of information and data as assets, via data processing, data analysis, data mining, information trading, and other means.
chief information security officer		Responsible for information security.
chief innovation officer				Responsible for innovation.
chief knowledge officer				Responsible for managing intellectual capital and knowledge management.
chief operating officer				Responsible for business operations, including operations management, operations research, and (when applicable) manufacturing operations; role is highly contingent and situational, changing from company to company and even from a CEO to their successor within the same company. Often called “director of operations” in the nonprofit sector.
chief privacy officer					Responsible for all the privacy of the data in an organization, including privacy policy enforcement.
chief research and development officer	Responsible for research and development.
chief research officer					Responsible for research.
chief science officer					Responsible for science, usually applied science, including research and development and new technologies. Sometimes called chief scientist.

Summary:
Information and Knowledge, Creativity, R&D, Processes and Operations Research, and some Computer-Related fields.

Things I would prefer someone else to do:
chief accounting officer				Responsible for overseeing all accounting and bookkeeping functions, ensuring that ledger accounts, financial statements, and cost control systems are operating effectively.
chief administrative officer				Responsible for business administration, including daily operations and overall performance.
chief audit executive					Responsible for the internal audit.
chief brand officer					Responsible for a brand's image, experience, and promise, and propagating it throughout all aspects of the company, overseeing marketing, advertising, design, public relations and customer service departments.
chief commercial officer				Responsible for commercial strategy and development.
chief communications officer			Responsible for communications to employees, shareholders, media, bloggers, influencers, the press, the community, and the public. Practical application of communication studies.
chief compliance officer				Responsible for overseeing and managing regulatory compliance.
chief content officer					Responsible for developing and commissioning content (media) for broadcasting channels and multimedia exploitation.
chief creative officer					In one sense of the term, responsible for the overall look and feel of marketing, media, and branding. In another sense, similar to chief design officer.
chief customer officer					Responsible for customer relationship management.
chief design officer					Responsible for overseeing all design aspects of a company's products and services, including product design, graphic design, user experience design, industrial design, and package design, and possibly aspects of advertising, marketing, and engineering.
chief diversity officer					Responsible for diversity and inclusion, including diversity training and equal employment opportunity.
chief experience officer				Responsible for user experience, overseeing user experience design and user interface design. “CXO” is not to be confused with “CxO”, a term commonly used when referring to any one of various chief officers.
chief financial officer					Responsible for all aspects of finances.
chief human resources officer			Responsible for all aspects of human resource management and industrial relations.
chief investment officer				Responsible for investment and/or for the asset liability management (ALM) of typical large financial institutions such as insurers, banks and/or pension funds.
chief legal officer					Responsible for overseeing and identifying legal issues in all departments and their interrelation, as well as corporate governance and business policy. Often called general counsel (GC) or chief counsel.
chief marketing officer				Responsible for marketing; job may include sales management, product development, distribution channel management, marketing communications (including advertising and promotions), pricing, market research, and customer service.
chief networking officer				Responsible for social capital within the company and between the company and its partners.
chief procurement officer				Responsible for procurement, sourcing goods and services and negotiating prices and contracts.
chief quality officer					Responsible for quality and quality assurance, setting up quality goals and ensuring that those goals continue to be met over time.
chief revenue officer					Responsible for measuring and maximizing revenue.
chief risk officer						Responsible for risk management, ensuring that risk is avoided, controlled, accepted, or transferred and that opportunities are not missed. Sometimes called chief risk management officer (CRMO).
chief sales officer					Responsible for sales.
chief web officer					Responsible for the web presence of the company and usually for the entire online presence, including intranet and internet (web, mobile apps, other).

Other to consider:
chief information officer				https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chief_information_officer
chief technical officier				https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chief_technical_officer
chief channel officer					https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chief_channel_officer
chief governance officer				https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chief_governance_officer
chief learning officer					https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chief_learning_officer
chief process officer					https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chief_process_officer
chief strategy officer					https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chief_strategy_officer
chief sustainability officer				https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chief_sustainability_officer
chief technology officer				https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chief_Technology_Officer
chief visionary officer				https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chief_visionary_officer
Summary:
Social, Financial, Commercialization (inc. marketing, packaging, sales etc.)