The world getting more corporate until the point that almost everything is proprietary.
Poor people get shafted.
Somebody writes the good licence.
This influences the military and they pledge to become non-proprietary.
using and developing only open-source technologies.
Meanwhile the main character is thinking about containers of containers of containers. A particle accelerator is built.
He thinks that this is a coincidence.
He notices that there are floods of people in town.
The main character decides to go for a detor around town.
Notices he is getting dragged towards certian spots and people.
The main character remembers reading a paper on attraction and proximity written by the military.
Driving home he starts to see glitches in the flow of time.
Hears on the radio a piece about time travell.
Crashes car in a field. Wakes up and realises its a state of emergency and he needs to find the flint that has been stolen
and hidden in their time.
The ground beneath him starts evaporating after finding a bricked piece of ground in the field.
Non proprietary military tells him to run.
Makes the decision to start running away from the evaporating ground.
Sees a giant hole in the ground.
Non proprietary military tells him he has recovered the flint.
Sees someone frozen.
Non proprietary military tells him that he should be punished as he chopped up a load of nethandathols.
Says onomatopieas work "chop chop", "crunch crunch" "bang bang" "hit hit" "punch punch"
The frozen character has been microchipped to never surrender under any circumstances.
Non proprietary military and main character give up punishing and locks up person.
Celebration on the radio over WW3 victory. Expected more problems in the future.
Starts reading about space travell. How one party went in one direction and the other proprietary anarchist party went in the
other.
In the novel, hears that the anarchist party is planning for another war and is attempting to outbreed the citizens that went
in the opposite direction.
Character goes on holiday and things start to get very busy around him. Cannot sleep.
Goes outside on the lawn and sees lots of shooting stars.
Thinks it is in celebration of something and then falls asleep outside.
Wakes up and has the feeling he died in his sleep. Told he was cloned and has died multiple deaths already so its not a problem.
Told the proprietary side is reported to have clones of him. He is worried what the other side might try and do with his clones.
Told that there are protected zones in time now. Too many people went back to try and change the outcome for WW2.
Was getting too bloody so a peace arrangement was made. Main character acknoledges that this is a form of time wars.
Told that they have a new form of travell called equinance which is smoother. Told that they have invented both 
Time and equinance radars and lasers that can stop people travelling to certian zones, unless they sucessfully attempt to
dodge the radars.
Couple of years pass.
Asked if he could design a brain, how would he design it based on structure and sloppiness.
He chooses 51% sloppy 49% structure on the basis of creativity.
He gets hospitalised
In hospital, he mentions about that there are knowns and unknowns. You can know that you don't know something but you can never
know if you don't know.
Gets out of hospital
Told equinance travell is a common piece of transport now.
He writes the equinance laws for his time.
Is told that there was a battle of who should build inventions when between proprietary and non-proprietary military. 
Nobody knows who "originally" invented anything of use, because it's changed so many times.
Told that each war will get less and less visious because of the nature of time travell and good.
Is told about the worms, and how they managed to put a state of distributed conciousness within them.
Told that everyone contributes to the worms, that they are the sum of all knowledge and in order to use them they can only
be used for good. Self destruct if reverse engineered. In order to program them they have to have good intention.
Finds out that the universe is not a curved surface in the news and is evenly spread, meaning it is unlikely that they are
part of a bigger somewhat-mechanical system.
Sees photographs of people who look very similar to him. Keeps feeling his ideas are being invented by other people and perhaps even stolen by corporates.
Wonders if people are spying on him.
Thinks peple are eeasily swayed by the news.
