Love is right no love is wrong so why did I bother writing this love song?
Love to make something go to best, because all this love beats all the rest.
Love is lovely, that is true, enough to make another sue.


Love and love is like a bond, love and love is nice and fond.
Love is strong and love is deep. Love and love, that's all I seek.
Love is better than this and that, this love is nicer than my cat!
Love to you and love to me and you will see that love is glee.

Love is cool and love is great, love to make me salivate.
Love is needless that's to say, that all my love won't go away.
Love is lonely love is sad, because my love lost is so bad.
Love is like an elephant stew! OMG! It's because I'm lovin' you.

Love like a rocket into space, and some of this love began in haste.
Love is like a merry-go-round, my love in time will make you proud.
Love is like something I feel, and my love to you is always real.
Love is rather intimacy and love is rather lovely.

Love is good and love is kind, love for you made me lose my mind.
Love is better than what we have, the love to make myself go mad.
Love to create a better feeling. Love to bring the love's healing.
Love like a rainbow that's true, and all I feel is my love for you.


Love is better than this too, and why won't you say why you love me too?











Love is nicer than the world and love is better than the LOLs.



Love is like a trampoline, ups and downs because it's a dream.


Love around us makes us wish that love can cook another's wish.



Love to make another go bang, love to rhyme is my main man.
Love to sicken and love to hate is not the love I appreciate.
Love to marry and love to see that love is love most definately.

Love to care and love to acknowledge that love and me shall see the knowledge.
Love to see the what you say? I want love to go away!
Love to sound and love to me and love to the people that we all see.
Love to end all love to start and love to make a grown man fart. :)
Love to care and love to be so won't you see that you're loves for me!?

Love to end all that's what I said, and if you don't get this then you're love is dead.
Love is lost when we are gone so why don't you start writing you're own love song?
Love to hear it that is true because my love for you will not do.
Love to hide and love to appear so what is love if loves not dear?
Love to imagine that love is free but love with you is a cup of tea.
Love to sicken love to please and my love to you is really easeeeeeeeesssaaaaayyyyy!